### v3.0.0

[2020.07.20; Maikuolan] First stable release for the phpMussel v3 Core.

__*Why "v3.0.0" instead of "v1.0.0?"*__ Prior to phpMussel v3, the "phpMussel Core", "phpMussel CLI-mode", "phpMussel Front-End", and "phpMussel Uploads Handler" ("phpMussel Web") were all bundled together as a single repository (phpMussel/phpMussel). Since phpMussel v3, these each all have their own, separate repositories. I've opted to start releases at this repository (phpMussel/Core) at *v3.0.0*, in order to avoid confusion with previous versions of the "phpMussel Core" which exist outside this repository.

### v3.0.1

[2020.07.31; Maikuolan]: Improved the way that the (generated by ...) notice, displayed at the footer of HTML pages, is rendered.

[2020.08.05; Maikuolan]: Addressed a potential compatibility problem with some specific kinds of symlinked installations.

[2020.10.01; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Discovered that the image chameleon attack detection could generate false positives against Mac OS X thumbnails; Fixed. *Refer [#223](https://github.com/phpMussel/phpMussel/issues/223).*

### v3.0.2

[2020.10.01; Bug-fix; v10mthibault]: Typo in Loader.php; Trying to call function sprint instead of sprintf which leads to an error; Fixed.

[2020.10.15; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Wrong number of files reported when recursively scanning through directories; Fixed. *Refer [#225](https://github.com/phpMussel/phpMussel/issues/225).*

### v3.0.3

[2020.10.18; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: A small, minor scan optimisation mechanism found to be faulty, causing signatures to sometimes be skipped when not intended; Removed it. *Refer [#224](https://github.com/phpMussel/phpMussel/issues/224).*

### v3.1.0

[2020.11.20; Maikuolan]: Added partial support for detecting objects and files embedded within pdf files (due to the nature of how this has been implemented, for the purpose of scanning these embedded objects and files, phpMussel will regard pdf as an archive format; this is intentional).

[2020.11.26; Maikuolan]: Ditched external test frameworks in favour of GitHub Actions. Replaced existing tests. (More work needs to eventually be done towards tests. This will eventually happen at some point).

[2020.11.27; Maikuolan]: Some minor code-style cleanup.

[2020.12.04; Maikuolan]: Maintenance release (dependencies update, repository cleanup, etc).

### v3.2.0

[2021.01.10; Maikuolan]: Separated the code for performing outbound requests through cURL out to its own independent class.

[2021.02.05; Maikuolan]: The default timeout for external requests is now configurable.

[2021.02.07; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to hide the phpMussel version used.

### v3.2.1

[2021.03.11; Maikuolan]: Added some missing return type declarations.

[2021.04.19; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: BuildPath could potentially trigger warnings when open_basedir is defined, causing logging, among various other internal file operations, to fail (related to PHP bug 69240); Fixed.

[2021.05.01; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Log truncation not being calculated properly; Fixed.

[2021.05.28; Maikuolan]: Performed some minor refactoring.

[2021.05.28; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Wrong casing used for some variables would cause undefined variable errors to occur; Fixed (#3).

### v3.3.0

[2021.06.10; Maikuolan]: Added a flag for successful hits against blacklisted filetypes (needed by the upload handler for a newly added configuration directive). Also did some very minor refactoring.

[2021.09.05; Maikuolan]: Precaution against potential future undefined index added to fallback method.

[2021.10.30; Maikuolan]: Code-style cleanup: Public before private properties, magic before public before private methods.

[2021.10.31; New Feature; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to segregate cache data on the basis of prefixes specified by the instance. This could be useful for when different installations are utilising the same caching mechanisms at the same server.

### v3.3.1

[2021.11.27; Maikuolan]: At the front-end configuration page, configuration directives relying on specific extensions (specifically, at this time, the supplementary cache options) will now include a notice as to whether the extensions relied upon are available.

[2022.02.01; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Failed to correctly determine the client's IP address under certain circumstances (e.g., multiple choices available via HTTP_X_FORWARDED_FOR); Fixed.

[2022.02.14; Maikuolan]: Maintenance release.

### v3.3.2

[2022.02.21; Maikuolan]: Improved IP address resolution strategy.

[2022.02.21; Maikuolan]: Added a default caching prefix.

[2022.03.11; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Shorthand data was quoted, but needed to be defined as literals in order to avoid being unentitised prior to being parsed as regular expression partials, in order to avoid breaking those expressions and potentially triggering fatal errors; Fixed.

[2022.03.24; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Fixed a bottleneck in the scan process caused by the readFileBlocks method (phpMussel/phpMussel#231).

### v3.3.3

[2022.06.16; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Warning generated since PHP 8.1 for parse functionality; Fixed.

[2022.08.18; Maikuolan]: Added L10N for Persian/Farsi, Hebrew, Malay, and Ukrainian.

[2022.09.26; Maikuolan]: Configuration multiline support added (necessary in order to properly facilitate the custom headers/footers feature introduced earlier today).

[2022.10.12; BaseMax]: Improved L10N for Persian/Farsi.

[2022.10.25; Maikuolan]: Hardened some configuration constraints.

[2022.10.28; Maikuolan]: Reworked how the configuration page deals with volume-based configuration.

[2022.11.20; Maikuolan]: Avoid packaging unnecessary files into dist.

### v3.3.4

[2022.11.30; Maikuolan]: Adjusted minimum value for some port directives from 1 to 0.

[2022.12.26; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: PDF files were sometimes being flagged as images; Fixed.

### v3.3.5

[2023.01.21; Maikuolan]: Better value definitions for `vt_suspicion_level`.

[2023.02.14; Maikuolan]: Slightly improved client-specified language overrides.

### v3.4.0

[2023.03.24; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Typo in the readFileContent call for the channels data; Fixed.

[2023.03.24; New Feature; Maikuolan]: Added the ability to log outbound requests.

[2023.03.31; Maikuolan]: Eliminated a low-risk potential performance bottleneck at the loadL10N method.

[2023.04.01; Maikuolan]: Reworked the loadL10N method, how it handles HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE, improved rule assignment, added some assumptions for supported L10N, and added the ability to defer non-supported L10N to supported L10N where sufficiently similar to be acceptable.

[2023.04.25; Bug-fix; Maikuolan]: Explicitly defining the region for the configured L10N where deferment may be available but the region for the corresponding listed configuration choice not included could've caused the L10N loader to simply use fallbacks instead; Fixed.

[2023.04.25; Maikuolan]: Split the existing L10N for Portuguese into two variants, Brazilian and European.

[2023.05.01~03; Maikuolan]: Added L10N for Bulgarian, Czech, and Punjabi.
